Feedback based on implementing responses in ICARE platform (#2)
ICAREdata/icare-data-submission-procedures: README.md

> When the ICAREdata Study submission infrastructure rejects a data submission request, the MessageHeader will have the response code value, "fatal-error" and reference an [OperationOutcome](http://hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2/operationoutcome.html) resource contained in another entry in the bundle.

Author: ```suggestion
When the ICAREdata Study submission infrastructure rejects a data submission request, the MessageHeader will have the response code value, "fatal-error" and reference an [OperationOutcome](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/operationoutcome.html) resource contained in another entry in the bundle.
```

      - OperationOutcome
        - id -- _identifier of this OperationOutcome resource; referenced above in MessageHeader_
        - issue

>           - severity -- "fatal | error" -- _See [Operation Outcome](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/operationoutcome-examples.html) in the FHIR Specification_

Reviewer: Should this link also be https://www.hl7.org/fhir/operationoutcome.html?
